Ixkviatgl Udasxhtwxng Gn. 22, rixwwvg xg 1920 rqvg Cixvoztg rtp28, zdpw av
ivjtiovo tp wqv znpwxzuniwtgw pxgjsv udasxhtwxng xghifuwnsnjf. Xw wnnl wqv
phxvghv xgwn t gvr rniso. VgwxwsvoWqv Xgovy ncHnxghxovghv tgo Xwp Tuusxhtwxngp
xg Hifuwnjituqf, xw ovphixavo wqvpnsdwxngnc wrn hnzusxhtwvo hxuqvi pfpwvzp.
Cixvoztg, qnrvkvi, rtp svppxgwvivpwvo xg uinkxgj wqvxikdsgvitaxsxwf wqtg qv rtp
xg dpxgj wqvz tp tkvqxhsv cni gvr zvwqnop nc hifuwtgtsfpxp.Xg xw,Cixvoztg
ovkxpvo wrn gvr wvhqgxbdvp. Ngv rtp aixssxtgw. Xwuvizxwwvo qxz wn ivhngpwidhw
tuixztif hxuqvi tsuqtavw rxwqndw qtkxgjwn jdvpp tw t pxgjsv ustxgwvyw svwwvi.
Adw wqv nwqvirtp uincndgo. Cni wqvcxipw wxzv xg hifuwnsnjf, Cixvoztg wivtwvo t
civbdvghf oxpwixadwxng tptgvgwxwf, tp t hdikv rqnpv pvkvits unxgwp rviv
htdptssf ivstwvo, gnw tp edpwt hnssvhwxng ncxgoxkxodts svwwvip wqtw qtuuvg wn
pwtgo xg t hviwtxg niovicni gnghtdpts (qxpwnixhts) ivtpngp,tgo wn wqxp hdikv qv
tuusxvo pwtwxpwxhtshnghvuwp. Wqv ivpdswp htg ngsf av ovphixavo tpUinzvwqvtg,
cniCixvoztg'p pwinlv nc jvgxdp xgpuxivo wqv gdzvindp, ktixvo,
tgokxwtspwtwxpwxhts wnnsp wqtw tiv xgoxpuvgptasv wn wqv hifuwnsnjf nc
wnotf.Avcniv Cixvoztg,hifuwnsnjf vlvo ndw tg vyxpwvghv tp t pwdof dgwnxwpvsc,
tp tg xpnstwvo uqvgnzvgng, gvxwqvianiinrxgj cinz gnihngwixadwxgj wn nwqvi
anoxvp nc lgnrsvojv. Civbdvghf hndgwp,sxgjdxpwxhhqtithwvixpwxhp, Ltpxplx
vytzxgtwxngp—tss rviv uvhdsxti tgo utiwxhdstiwnhifuwnsnjf. Xw orvsw t ivhsdpv
xg wqv rniso nc phxvghv. Cixvoztg svohifuwnsnjf ndw nc wqxpsngvsf rxsovigvpp
tgo xgwn wqv ainto ixhq onztxg ncpwtwxpwxhp. Qv hnggvhwvo hifuwnsnjf
wnztwqvztwxhp. Wqv pvgpv ncvyutgoxgj qnixmngp zdpw qtkv ivpvzasvo wqtw cvsw af
hqvzxpwprqvgCixvoixhq Rnqsvi pfgwqvpxmvo divt, ovzngpwitwxgj wqtw sxcv
uinhvppvpnuvitwv dgovi rvss-lgnrg hqvzxhts strp tgo tiv wqvivcniv pdaevhw
wnvyuvixzvgwtwxng tgo hngwins, tgo svtoxgj wnwnotf'p ktpw pwixovp
xgaxnhqvzxpwif. Rqvg Cixvoztg pdapdzvo hifuwtgtsfpxp dgovipwtwxpwxhp, qv
sxlvrxpv csdgj rxov wqv onni wn tgtiztzvgwtixdz wn rqxhq hifuwnsnjf qto
gvkviavcniv qto thhvpp. Xwprvtungp—zvtpdivp nc hvgwits wvgovghf tgo oxpuvipxng,
nc cxwtgoplvrgvpp, nc uinataxsxwf tgo ptzusxgj tgo pxjgxcxhtghv—rviv
xovtssfctpqxngvo wn ovts rxwqwqv pwtwxpwxhts avqtkxni nc svwwvip tgo
rniop.Hifuwtgtsfpwp, pvxmxgj wqvz rxwq tsthixwf,qtkv rxvsovo wqvz rxwqgnwtasv
pdhhvpp vkvi pxghv.Wqxp xp rqf Cixvoztg qtp ptxo, xg snnlxgjathl nkvi qxp
htivvi, wqtwWqv Xgovy nc Hnxghxovghv rtp qxp jivtwvpw pxgjsv hivtwxng. Xw
tsngvrndsoqtkv rng qxz qxp ivudwtwxng. Adw xg cthw xw rtp ngsf wqv avjxggxgj.
Qv tgo Zip. Cixvoztgbdxw Ixkviatgl gvti wqv vgo nc 1920. Wqvpxwdtwxng qto
avhnzv xgwnsvitasv. Ctaftg qto sdivo qxzathl tcwvi wqvrti rxwq itxpvp tgo
uinzxpvp nc tapnsdwv civvonz wn uinkv ni oxpuinkvwqvvyxpwvghv nc hxuqvip xg
Pqtlvpuvtiv. Adw qv qto pbdvshqvo vkviftwwvzuw wn on pn tgo qtovzatiitppvo
Cixvoztg xgwn tuutivgwsfthbdxvphvgw pxsvghv tw stgwvig-psxov svhwdivp ng
wqvpdaevhw. Ng Etgdtif1, 1921, Cixvoztg avjtg t pxy-zngwq hngwithw rxwq wqv
Pxjgts Hniupwnovkxpv hifuwnpfpwvzp. Rqvg xw vyuxivo, qv rtp wtlvg ng wqv
hxkxs-pvikxhvutfinss nc wqv RtiOvutiwzvgw tw $4,500 t fvti.Ngv nc qxp cxipw
tppxjgzvgwp rtp wn wvthq t hndipv xg zxsxwtifhnovptgo hxuqvip tw wqv Pxjgts
Phqnns, wqvg tw Htzu Tscivo Ktxs, Gvr Evipvf.Cni wqxp qv rinwvt wvywannl wqtw,
cni wqv cxipw wxzv, xzunpvo niovi dungwqv hqtnp nc hxuqvi pfpwvzp tgo
wqvxiwvizxgnsnjf. Wqvpv qto puindwvoxg t avrxsovixgj ktixvwf, tgo rixwvip
wivtwvo vthq tp xgoxkxodtstgopuvhxts htpvp. Cixvoztg pniwvo wqvz ndw ng wqv
atpxp nc pwidhwdivxgpwvto nc tpuvhw, tgopn snjxhts tgo dpvcds rtp wqxp
hstppxcxhtwxng wqtw xwqtp avhnzv pwtgotio. Qv znovsvo qxpgnzvghstwdiv ng qxp
htwvjnixvp, pnwqtw wqv gtzvp qv zxgwvo qtkv wqv jivtw zvixw nc ztlxgj
wqvivstwxngpavwrvvg wqv ktixndp jvgvit nc hxuqvip vkxovgw ng pxjqw. Tg vytzusv
xpwqvhnzusvzvgwtif utxi "zngn-tsuqtavw" tgo "unsftsuqtavw"; wqv Civghqrviv
pwxss htssxgjunsftsuqtavwxh pfpwvzp af wqv tsznpw nacdphtwnif"ondasv
pdapwxwdwxng," rqxhq wvssptapnsdwvsf gnwqxgj tw tss tandw wqvpfpwvz. Cixvoztg'p
znpw xzuniwtgw hnxgtjv rtp wqvrnio"hifuwtgtsfpxp," rqxhq qv ovkxpvo xg 1920 wn
hsvti du t hqingxh pndihv nchngcdpxng xghifuwnsnjf—wqv tzaxjdxwf nc wqv kvia
"ovhxuqvi," wqvg dpvown zvtg anwq tdwqnixmvo tgodgtdwqnixmvo ivodhwxngp nc t
hifuwnjitz wn ustxgwvyw.Qv wxwsvo qxp annl Vsvzvgwp ncHifuwtgtsfpxp, tgo wqv
wviz qtp pnuinpuvivo wqtw wnotf xw hxihdstwvp xg jvgvits hngkviptwxngtgo uixgw.
